Fixed readme grammar mistakes (#853)
joemasilotti/railsdevs.com: README.md

## License

All code and documentation are copyright 2022 Joe Masilotti [under the MIT license](LICENSE).

> All other resources including, but not limited to, images, copy, and branding, are copyrighted 2022 Joe Masilotti and used by permission for this project only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All other resources including, but not limited to, images, copy, and branding, are copyright 2023 Joe Masilotti and used by permission for this project only.
```

<a href="https://papertrailapp.com/?thank=87e5a8">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2092156/174669135-16c80551-801d-4d5c-bde8-db81c66eb08f.png" width="250" alt="Papertrail logo">
</a>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
